<p>Purpose: <br />&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;Steganography is the technique of hiding secret messages within <br />&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; an ordinary, non-secret, image, in order to avoid detection. <br /><br />&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The secret message is then extracted at its destination without loss in data.<br />&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The difference in the original image and the modified image cannot be spotted by <br />&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; the naked eye.<br /><br />&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Please note that this module only works with '.png' files. This is because,<br />&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; they use lossless compression techniques to store and read images.<br /><br />Requirements:<br />&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;Python(3.4 or greater)<br />&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;PIL(module in Python)<br /><br /><br />Steps to:<br />&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;Create Secret image:<br />&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;Step 1 : Put the .png file in the '/image/' directory.<br />&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;Step 2 : Put the message text in the file 'message.txt'.<br />&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;Step 3 : Run the script, when the input prompt comes. Select '1' and press Enter.<br />&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;Step 4 : The modified image will be saved in the parent folder. <br />&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; The image will have the same filename as the source image.<br /><br />&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;Read from Secret image:<br />&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;Step 1 : Put the image in the '/image/' directory.<br />&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;Step 2 : Run the script, when the input prompt comes. Select '2' and press Enter.<br />&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; The secret message will be displayed on the screen.<br /><br />PS: Please note that if you are planning to send the image through the internet. It is recommended<br />&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; that you zip the image file and then send. If you try to upload the image directly, majority of the web sites compress the image&nbsp; before sending and this will modify the pixel data. This may modify the message data stored. To avoid please zip the file.</p>
